Add docs for out of order ingestion (#11340)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

[integrations](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage)
with this feature.

### `<tsdb>`

`tsdb` lets you config the runtime reloadable configuration of the TSDB.

> NOTE: Out of order ingestion is an experimental feature, but you do not need any additional flag to enable it. Setting `out_of_order_time_window` to a positive number enables it.

Reviewer: nit: IMO a tiny bit more clear, but your choice

```suggestion
NOTE: Out of order ingestion is an experimental feature, but you do not need any additional flag to enable it. Setting `out_of_order_time_window` to a positive duration enables it.
```

```yaml
# Configures how old an out-of-order/out-of-bounds sample can be w.r.t. the TSDB max time.
# An out-of-order/out-of-bounds sample is ingested into TSDB as long as the timestamp
# of the sample is >= TSDB.MaxTime-out_of_order_time_window.
#
# When out_of_order_time_window is >0, the errors out-of-order and out-of-bounds are
# combined into a single error called 'too-old'; a sample is either (a) ingestible
# into TSDB, i.e. it is an in-order sample or an out-of-order/out-of-bound sample

> # that is after TSDB.MaxTime-out_of_order_time_window, or (b) too-old, i.e. not in-order
> # and before TSDB.MaxTime-out_of_order_time_window.

Reviewer: Replacing "TSDB.MaxTime-out_of_order_time_window" with "out-of-order window" (which I think is what that is) might be more clear

```suggestion
# that is within the out-of-order window, or (b) too-old, i.e. not in-order
# and before the out-of-order window.
```

> [ out_of_order_time_window: <duration> | default = 0 ]

Reviewer: Maybe that's the more proper way? No precedent though

```suggestion
[ out_of_order_time_window: <duration> | default = 0s ]
```

Reviewer: (also this is the smallest nitpick every so feel free to ignore)
